Congratulations, I heard that the two of them are in a relationship
So that was childhood sweetheart.
You made me marry you
But you're pretty happy to admit his relationship
I haven't agreed to a divorce yet
Do you have to be in such a hurry?
It is necessary that Xuan Xuan and I were photographed
I don't want him to be looked down upon.
What about me?
How do you let others see me?
You're not like him.
He was sick and could not be stimulated.
So I took it.
I deserve it
I deserve it. What's wrong with you?
Can you be sensible?
You weren't so fussy before
i
Hey sir
I'm surrounded by reporters, come and help me, I'll be right over
You've never cared so much about me
he
Do you really have no feelings for me?
What's wrong with me?
Miss Zhang, you are overworked
Advanced lymphoma